Netflix is one of the world's leading entertainment services, with 283 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.

Netflix has been on the leading edge of the cloud since beginning the migration to AWS 15 years ago and runs one of the largest Cloud footprints around. The Cloud Engineering organization exists to manage that massive scale, constantly innovating to increase fleet-wide agility, efficiency, and reliability of the Netflix cloud infrastructure, while solving scale problems that we are the first to ever hit. We build, operate, and maintain Compute, Network, and Storage services so that developers at Netflix can rely on foundational building blocks when entertaining hundreds of millions of customers around the world. Join us as we push the boundaries of performance and resilience, empowering developers to create groundbreaking applications on a reliable platform.

We are looking to add new stunning colleagues to the organization, driving the transformation of how most Netflix engineers set up, change, or otherwise interact with their service infrastructure. You will partner across teams and functions to drive the next evolutionary stage of some of our most beloved and used UIs, like Spinnaker. Your work will enable us to evolve blueprints of highly efficient and fast-to-iterate services tailored to various product areas within the company, abstracting our developers from the nuances of the underlying infrastructure.

Must-have Skills

    Broad UI development experience - from jQuery to React
    Awareness of time-tested UX guidelines (classics like Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines)
    Track record of shipping domain-specific UIs for Developers
    Ability to work across the stack, i.e. writing RESTful/GraphQL services in Java or Go

What You’ll Be Doing In This Role

    Refactoring, modularizing, and re-platforming existing UIs for infrastructure management used by Netflix engineers today
    Building out brand-new infrastructure experiences that allow consistent, consolidated, pluggable configuration
    Closely partnering with teams in the organization contributing to underlying services and APIs
    Engaging directly with end engineering users to understand their needs and improve their experience

You Will Be Successful In The Role If

    You love building for Developers and are passionate about the domain of Software Delivery & Infrastructure Management (think Cloud Consoles) and have prior experience with things like VSCode plugins, Chromium UI, or similar
    You enjoy getting stuff done in the face of ambiguity by iterating and shortening the feedback loop
    You take ownership of outcomes, have a value mindset, and are motivated by impact
    You’ve read about Netflix’s culture and think you would thrive here.

Here are a few recent talks and posts from members of the team to highlight the work we do:

    Keeping Netflix Reliable Using Prioritized Load Shedding
    How Netflix uses eBPF Flow logs
    NATless IPv6/IPv4 Address Translation
    Consistent caching mechanisms in Titus Gateway
    Netflix Drive
    Zero Configuration Service Mesh with On-Demand Cluster Discovery

Our compensation structure consists solely of an annual salary; we do not have bonuses. You choose each year how much of your compensation you want in salary versus stock options. To determine your personal top of market compensation, we rely on market indicators and consider your specific job family, background, skills, and experience to determine your compensation in the market range. The range for this role is $100,000 - $720,000

Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more detail about our Benefits here.

Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner.

We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.
